The error message indicates that the version of the C# compiler (csc.exe) you're using supports only up to C# 5, which is an older version of the language. To compile C# code that uses newer language features, you need to use a more recent version of the C# compiler.

Visual Studio Code typically uses the .NET Core or .NET 5/6 SDK, which includes the latest C# compiler. To use the correct compiler, follow these steps:

    Install the latest .NET SDK (if you haven't already) from the official website: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download

    Open a new terminal or command prompt, and verify that the .NET SDK is installed correctly by running:

css

dotnet --version

    To compile your C# code, navigate to the folder containing your project and run the following command:

dotnet build

This will compile your project using the latest C# compiler and create an output folder with the compiled binaries.

If your project is not set up to use the .NET SDK, you can create a new project by following these steps:

    Run the following command to create a new console application:

javascript

dotnet new console -n TicTacToe2

    Navigate to the newly created project folder:

bash

cd TicTacToe2

    Replace the Program.cs file with your Server.cs file.

    Build the project using:

dotnet build

    Run the compiled project using:

arduino

dotnet run

This approach will ensure you are using the latest C# compiler and .NET SDK for your project.

To run the Server.cs and Client.cs simultaneously, you can create two separate projects within a single solution. Follow these steps:

    Create a new folder for the entire solution (e.g., TicTacToeSolution):

bash

mkdir TicTacToeSolution
cd TicTacToeSolution

    Create a new server project:

arduino

dotnet new console -n Server

    Create a new client project:

arduino

dotnet new console -n Client

    Create a new solution file that includes both projects:

arduino

dotnet new sln -n TicTacToe
dotnet sln add Server/Server.csproj
dotnet sln add Client/Client.csproj

    Move your Server.cs file into the Server project folder, and your Client.cs file into the Client project folder.

    Replace the Program.cs file in each project folder with the corresponding .cs file.

    Build the entire solution using:

dotnet build

To run both projects simultaneously, you have a couple of options:

Option 1: Use two separate terminals

    Open two terminals (or command prompts).
    In the first terminal, navigate to the Server project folder and run:

arduino

dotnet run

    In the second terminal, navigate to the Client project folder and run:

arduino

dotnet run

